I'm about to remove this sign, which
will cause all 60,000 of these cakes to
instantly explode, and possibly my PC as
well. But why did I even make this
monstrosity in the first place? It was
all to celebrate the Wandering Trader,
who just turned 7 years old a few weeks
ago. He provides my super flat world
with so many different blocks and items
I could never get in the past. So, for
his birthday, I wanted to make him the
world record biggest cake in Minecraft.
I challenged myself to place a cake for
every subscriber I got in the related
short, and a whopping 60,000 of you
subscribed. But placing all the cakes
was a huge struggle cuz you can't
actually stack cakes in Java Edition. I
ended up getting 28 farmer villagers who
sell cakes, which took forever since
it's only a 29% chance that the farmer
gets the trade. Plus, the trade unlocks
at the expert level, so I had to level
up so many villagers. I traded so many
carrots and potatoes that I had to spend
hours building up brand new auto carrot
and potato farms cuz my old ones just
couldn't keep up. It took me dozens of
hours of placing cakes to get this done.
And I even lost my mind along the way.
The cakes were so laggy that my game
literally started running slower, making
it even harder to keep placing them. But
with the world record finally secured,
it was time to break the sign and watch
our masterpiece explode. In 3 2 1
Oh, my PC.